[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Everybody.
Let's just put an input here
with a hot dog in a box model.
Ecos.
>> Speaker 2: Because
that would be hilarious.
>> Scott Moss: InputVal so, will do
that and then we will also put like
let's change this to InputVal.
There you go and
we just need to initialize InputVal
>> Scott Moss: String, nothing, shazam,
and then now when we type in this
thing it should update InputVal and
it should update it here.
So, let's check it out.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] It's still moving.
This thing refresh or not, I don't know.
Let's see, let's just put
a placeholder just to make sure.
>> Scott Moss: If you didn't know,
I'm like crazy about animations.
I love animations.
>> Speaker 3: All right,
is this just one library.
MG effects or something like that?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: First thing I've ever used.
It's pretty bad?
>> Speaker 2: Didn't you make that, Scott?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
Okay, let's see if it works.
Yay, it works.
Two way data body.
All right?
So how's that working?
So, there's this event
that we're binding to from
this ngModel directive, and
it's also named ngModel event.
But they're also sending it right back to
the template with this property binding,
which is going to buy in this model,
it's like a two for one.
So it's like you can make custom events,
and
this is a custom event,
the Angular 2 baked in.
So when we get to input and output,
this will make more sense, so it was
just like what's going on behind here.
Wait till we get to inputs and
outputs, it'll make sense.
It's really, the syntax makes it look
scarier than it actually is, but
it really is just like,
"here's a callback, I want to run when
this thing happens, here's something
that I want to bind this property to".
That's really all that's happening, using
different techniques like this syntax,
observables, stuff like that.
But in the core,
that's really just what's happening.
Just like you would normally do,
it just looks scary, I know.
All right, should I go for the bonus?
>> Speaker 2: Bonus.
>> Scott Moss: Do you
want to see the bonus?
>> Speaker 2: Sure, why not.
What is the bonus?
>> Scott Moss: Bonus use a local
variable using a hashtag or
then use a built in directory.
So let's just do this.
So if we click on this button,
if we can catch it.
[LAUGH] It's moving so fast.
Then it will, let's do the asterisk ng
now, it will do the NGF on this thing.
So asterisk ng if
equals show.
So if ng4, oops capital I, so ng4 is show,
then that's what's going to happen
on this click, so right here I'm just
going to put a event handler for click.
And I'm just going to say toggle show.
I could also just write the expression in
here, but again, I think that's sloppy and
it's not testable, so
I'm going to write a font shift.
A statement, I'm sorry.
I could put the statement here itself but
I'm gonna write a font shift that
encapsulates my statement
down here instead.
Now, I can test this right.
So, my component is testable or
toggleShow, this.show = !this.show,
which is nothing right now.
>> Scott Moss: Of course, now this thing
refreshes, and we can catch the button and
we click it.
>> Scott Moss: It doesn't
do anything because.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] Make sense.
>> Scott Moss: DId I mess it up somewhere?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: I need to what?
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK]
Shows nothing.
>> Speaker 4: Says nothing in the h1.
>> Scott Moss: I see.
Yeah, you're right.
Sorry.
I was like, what what?
There, there you go.
Yeah, thank you.
Yep.
So, that's the asterisk for
the extra credit or the star.
And then for the local variable,
what's a good one for that?
We could put a local variable on this
>> Scott Moss: Wow, that's a good one.
I guess we could just put right
here on this h1, I guess.
So we're going to log over right here
in this h1 and we can say, message.
>> Scott Moss: Now we have a reference
to this input via message.
And then now I can come down
here somewhere else, and
just be like pre, and message.value?
H1 says, no.
.textContent.
Let's see,
let's check that out.
>> Scott Moss: No, that's not working.
I don't know what would be on the h1.
That one's pretty boring,
let's do a better one.
>> Scott Moss: Let's do the ng4, doh.
ul,
>> Scott Moss: li and
then ng4 equals hashtag nun in [1,2,3,4].
>> Speaker 2: So
does the whole template have
access to it, or just.
>> Scott Moss: No, only the element and
its child element have access to it.
The local variable.
>> Speaker 2: No siblings.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, no siblings,
no parents, just this.
The state is encapsulated
by the element itself.
Just like Angular 1.
Well, that thing disappeared out
the screen really quick there.
Did you see that?
>> Scott Moss: No, what happened?
>> Speaker 3: Needs to
be of instead of in.
>> Scott Moss: Thank you, see,
I'm in that habit of doing that.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, I did the same thing.
>> Scott Moss: This is like, ugh.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, there we go.
Shazam.
All right.
So, and then the Elvis thing.
They looked and said there was a working
example of that on the planks.
I reckon they're checking that one out
because I'm not having any luck with it.
Just not failing for
me with or without it, so.